hey YouTube with Leah again
I accidentally push the end button on my
video so I had to do another video it's
video number 2 part 2 I'm going to turn
on the flat iron but I want you guys to
hear it so you know how fast it heats up
okay so let me bring it closer see here
okay and here's a tour right here I've
got it plugged in but not turned on yet
okay so once you guys to listen for it
when it turns on
that means it's on right now so hot
immediately
okay it's ready you see that it was
super fast oh my gosh the plates are so
hot let me do something really fast
the thing which HD is it's built and
made so beautifully and the technology
is amazing its rounded all the way
around so you can use this as a curling
iron another cool thing too is that when
you are passing it through your hair
they don't you don't have to go and put
so much pressure barely close it and it
will do its work I mean I've got a
little bit of frizz through here so just
glide it through and it is really
straight
let me curl my feathers with my hair
dude you can do the triple barrel look
with this it's amazing I love this tool
I I know that everyone well everyone
else would love this tool oh it's so
cool to look at the inside it says ght
it lights up and that is really cool
like that so for all my clients in the
Sacramento area those who want one of
these I can get this for you at a great
light and at a great price
yeah so follow me on Facebook I have a
picture of this on there and I am taking
orders I can get it for you and like the
same day you put in your order or you
let me know when you want to pick it up
so let me know okay thank you so much
for watching both videos I hope you guys
enjoyed it let me know if you have any
questions I'll see you soon bye-bye